So what is something that all college dstudentds do regardless of major, gender, race, ethnicity, country?

They drink and use their phones

so why has someone not incroperated these two things into an app?
And see the best thing about it is that it would be easy to develop
WE don't need a fancy ui or graphics, what we need is engaged game play that involves multiple people and their each indvidual phones

This idea is taken from always sunny in phelidelphias' chardee mac dennis!!!

ok

Things needed:
Initial screen: Choice of school
Connect all the phones together, over bluetooth?, wifi, something else?
integrate arduino?

name for the game?

link to spotify music playlist than can pause and play the music/ play other songs
dirnking option yes/no
charrades
pong
slapcup
quarters
monopoly
poker

get a survey of answers, when you answe the question each option has a probability distribution and from that you can select the right answer
send survey to only cornell people first

Who would win in a fight: Benjamin Franklin at age 62 or naploleon dynamite from the movie napoleon dynamite

What is the right way to peel a banana? yellow, green, black, magenta, turquopise, gold, silver, rustic brown, white, pink, red, grey, gray, orange
how manyants can usain bolt outrun?
all of them
all of them except the one that beat him becauxze he3 was sleeping

what species of whale is kanye west:
  blue whale
  gray whale
  killer whale
  great whale

How many bass drops would mozart deem acceptable?

when is hte worst time to get sick
  sunday
  fuly 29
  the day after your birthday
  on the day morgan freeman was born
  the result of 3+7
  3?

puthon fetch data from goodle format

jmultiple suvey that changes based on when you took it.


implement teams


import wave file of music
regular fourier transform
at every bass drop display a coloer
every freq display a different frequency
every x value corresponds to a line on the screne
by x value we mean frequency

at double the frequency a human can percieve you change the pixels to go in a cirle
so it is slowly spinning in a spiral


go to school in order to devolop the work, no distractions keep focus away from parents!
